README.md, before:

# Welcome
A guide for those who are new to Node.js Nigeria and want to be a part.

## Join us on Slack
To join us on Slack, please follow these steps:

1. Visit [NodeSlackers](nodeslackers.com).

2. Fill the form. You will get an invitation to join the Slack organization within a few days (most times, it's a lot quicker than that).

3. Join NodeSlackers and search for #nigeria channel.

4. Join the channel.

5. Join the #introductions channel and tell us about yourself.

If you have any challenges with joining the Slack organization, please open an issue in this repository.

## Read through our Code of Conduct
All members of Node.js Nogeria are required to follow the Code of Conduct. Actions violating the Code of Conduct can be greviously penalized, depending on the level of involvement of the subject. Please visit [this link](https://github.com/nodejsnigeria/admin/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to read the Code of Conduct.

## Know how we function as an organization
Node.js Nigeria is committed to functioning effectively, and part of the measures in place to make that possible is the creation and maintenance of an organizational structure that is administered on various levels. To find out about our administration, visit [this link](https://github.com/nodejsnigeria/admin/blob/master/README.md)

Commit message:

Add Contribution subheading
I added a link to the Contributing Guidelines document to help people easily find the guide to contribute to Node.js Nigeria.

README.md, after:

# Welcome
A guide for those who are new to Node.js Nigeria and want to be a part.

## Join us on Slack
To join us on Slack, please follow these steps:

1. Visit [NodeSlackers](nodeslackers.com).

2. Fill the form. You will get an invitation to join the Slack organization within a few days (most times, it's a lot quicker than that).

3. Join NodeSlackers and search for #nigeria channel.

4. Join the channel.

5. Join the #introductions channel and tell us about yourself.

If you have any challenges with joining the Slack organization, please open an issue in this repository.

## Read through our Code of Conduct
All members of Node.js Nogeria are required to follow the Code of Conduct. Actions violating the Code of Conduct can be greviously penalized, depending on the level of involvement of the subject. Please visit [this link](https://github.com/nodejsnigeria/admin/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to read the Code of Conduct.

## Contributing
To get started with contributing, you should read the [Contributing Guidelines document](https://github.com/nodejsnigeria/welcome/blob/master/CONTRUTING.md). This document includes a guide to contributing.

## Know how we function as an organization
Node.js Nigeria is committed to functioning effectively, and part of the measures in place to make that possible is the creation and maintenance of an organizational structure that is administered on various levels. To find out about our administration, visit [this link](https://github.com/nodejsnigeria/admin/blob/master/README.md)
